Wordstorm v0.7.1 (a fork of typespeed v0.6.5. Forked on 5th Oct 2023)
----------------
Test your typing speed and get your fingers' CPS.

Index:
1 Latest Version
2 Overview
3 Usage
4 History
5 Rule Sets
6 Frequently Asked Questions
7 Contact


1 Latest Version
----------------

You can download latest version of Wordstorm on github
located at https://github.com/AlexTheAussieNerd/WordStormByAlex/


2 Overview
----------

WordStormByAlex is a fork of typespeed which has the aim to show users
a large number of words in a short time to aid efficient vocabulary 
expansion.

Typespeed's idea ws ripped from ztspeed (a dos game made by Zorlim).
Idea of the game should be clear to anyone, just type and type it fast
or be a loser.


3 Usage
-------

Please refer to typespeed's manual page.


4 History
------------------------
5th October 2023 WordStormByAlex project was created from a fork of 
Typespeed v0.6.5 and license was changed from GPL v2 to GPL v3.



5 Rule Sets
-----------

If no default values have been changed, an example rule set can be found
at /usr/local/share/typespeed/rules/template.

You have to use "rule." as a prefix for your file to be treated as a rule
set.

Although all lines starting with "#" are handled as comments, the first
line is special.  In the first line, you have to specify the description
of the rule set - this line MUST start with #.

All other values should be commented perfectly fine.


6 Frequently Asked Questions
----------------------------

Q: Is typespeed's timing broken? I have used some other programs to
   determine my CPS and it is much higher than with typespeed.

A: No, typespeed's timing works fine.  But you are right, too.  At the
   beginning of a typespeed session, there are only a few words on
   screen.  Just try to contentrate on your typing rate.  If you are a
   fast typer, you will often wait and type nothing until something new
   appears.  At the end, you will be indeed faster than measured CPS.
   Typespeed calculates the whole time to measure CPS so the waiting at
   the beginning kills your high rates.  If you want to circumvent this,
   try to write an own rule set with min words != 0 and a high speed
   rate.  This way, you can measure your real CPS.

Q: There are no high scores listed in high score menu, but there are
   definitely some in my high score file.  What is going wrong?

A: I guess you have not selected the right rule set.  If you do not
   change anything, you have the default rule set.  To see other high
   scores, you have to change the rule set first (menu point 6).

   Another possibility is that you have created or removed a user-
   specific configuration file.  If that is the case, typespeed switched
   from system-wide high score to user-specific high score (or vice
   versa).  To get back to user-specific high score, just create an
   empty configuration file (~/.typespeed/config).


7 Contact
---------

Bugs/Ideas/Comments to Alex - AlexTheAussieNerd@gmail.com

